♫ My life, I am always waiting ♫
"Waiting for your love" sung by Lin Jun Jie & Jin Sha
♫ An empty pocket ♫
♫ That I want to fill my love in with ♫
♫ Why am I always defeated? ♫
♫ I feel really helpless ♫
♫ It doesn't matter if I am good looking ♫
♫ I really want to find it back. Really want to find it back ♫
♫ My own rhythm ♫
♫ So for just this one time ♫
♫ Let me bravely say it out loud♫
♫ Anticipating you will eventually discover my love ♫
♫ No matter how many turns, it gets clearer as you get closer ♫
♫ Please don't go ♫
♫ The start of happiness is learning to let go and find love ♫
♫ I really want to find it back. Really want to find it back ♫
♫ My own rhythm ♫
♫ So for just this one time ♫
♫ Let me bravely say it out loud ♫
♫ Anticipating you will eventually discover my love ♫
♫ Everywhere, you can find my care naturally  ♫
♫ Your existence ♫
♫ I can immediately see what you're thinking ♫
♫ Just because of love ♫
♫ I guess that you have already discovered my love ♫
♫ No matter how many turns, it gets clearer as you get closer ♫
♫ Please don't go ♫
♫ The start of happiness is learning to let go and find love ♫
My Best Ex-Boyfriend
~ Episode 1~
- Are the materials prepared yet?
- They're almost done.
- Hurry up with them.
- Kevin, are the model's clothes prepared?
- It's all done.
Okay, thank you.
Amy, when is your boyfriend coming? Fangsi is going to get mad soon.
What is she angry for?
Today is Valentines' Day.
Look at the time. She should have let us off work by now.
- It's not like you don't know her personality.
- Of course I do.
Because she doesn't have a boyfriend, she wishes that everyone wouldn't have one, either.
Aren't you her personal assistant? Can't you help me out, please?
What time do you think we'll be able to go home?
Xiao Nai, there's a package for Fang Si.
Oh, coming! Amy, get your boyfriend to hurry up.
Fang Si hates it when models are late.
But he took a plane here. Maybe there was a delay in the flight or something.
Xiao Nai.
Pencil.
Amy, Amy, where's the pencil I asked you to sharpen?
I forgot about it.
- You… You... You forgot? How can you forget? Didn't I tell you--
- I'm sorry!
Hey, but that's my eyebrow pencil!
Timing & Subtitles brought to You by Gone with the Shirt Team @ Viki.com
What pencil is this?
Your pencil's not sharpened yet. Just use this instead for now...
Where's the model? Why isn't he here yet?
Well, Amy said the flight was delayed.
Hello.
Let's not work together then.
I just got off an over ten hour flight. How would be in the mood to meet that arrogant designer?
Hello?
Hello? The reception isn't good. I can't hear you.
How about I contact other modeling agencies
and find someone to stand in for a while?
If not, what about any of our colleagues?
After all, it's only an advertising photoshoot today.
It should not--
Prepare the sample garments.
Sample garments. Now. Immediately.
Oh, okay.
Fang Si, the Tang Huang CEO is here. He even brought the contract this time.
Today's model is your boyfriend?
Oh, yes.
It's not his fault that the flight was delayed.
And today is only an advertising photoshoot. Tomorrow's show is the most important.
He has already landed. He'll be here soon.
You can tell him not to come anymore. From the airport to here, even if there isn't much traffic,
it'll take at least an hour.
But he specifically flew here for this photoshoot.
Anyway, it isn't his fault. We're only having an advertising photoshoot today.
Aren't we?
Don Juan - Tang Huang Fashion
I am confident that my life will be brilliant.
What are you thinking of?
You look so distracted.
What else do you think I'll be thinking of?
Have you missed me?
Are you done with your tantrums yet? I've especially made a trip here and you're still going on about  it?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I really didn't see you.
I really didn't see you.
He didn't do it on purpose, either. There was no harm done, anyway. Let it go. Don't be angry.
I'm really sorry. I can pay for the dry cleaning.
You having a quarrel?
She's a lot to handle, isn't she?
What has it got to do with me?
Look at this scarf he was wearing. What poor taste.
Let it go. Today's a special day, isn't it?
He already got a scolding from you. His heart is...
Is probably bleeding now.
Who in this world would really die if someone left another person?
When darkness comes, even your shadow will leave you. So when you're living life, you can only depend on yourself. Does this look nice?
It looks okay, I guess.
You're laughing?
- How are you?
- I'm good. I'm great.
I'm good as long as I can see you. Here, let me do a spin for you.
It's best when you're back. I'm all good as long as I can see you.
Then I'm not angry anymore.
You're driving?
I'll drive! You drive tomorrow.
- Then what about the day after?
- Me.
Fang Si, the new contract has been drawn up.
- Xiao Nai, how is it?
- What do you think of this?
Let's go with this then.
Director Luo, I've said it before. I will never work with Tang Huang.
We're really sincere about this cooperation. Look at me, a director and yet I've made so many trips here.
On top of that, a small workshop like yours, being able to work with Tang Huang is a good opportunity for you, too.
We've already changed the terms of the contract for you. Do you want to have a look at it?
Are you scared?
What do I have to be scared of?
Afraid that you'll eat me up?
Tomorrow, Qiao Rui Si Group will be holding a joint brands audition.
All the fashion brands in the country will be taking part.
I believe Tang Huang would cherish this opportunity as well. The sample is good to go.
At this time, you're so insistent on working with me to acquire my brand.
You're afraid that Fancy will snatch your spotlight, aren't you?
Fang Si, you can't say it like that.
I say, you newcomers really don't know the industry well.
I know that Qiao Rui Si Group has not accepted your application to participate.
So, you can have two different choices, isn't it?
Director Luo, I appreciate your kind gesture.
I'll see you at the audition tomorrow.
I won't send you out.
Xiao Nai, confirm this final draft.
Fang Si, my boyfriend says he'll be here now, immediately. There will be absolutely no problem.
Saying, "Absolutely no problem," in itself is already a problem.
Why not wait for ten more minutes?
- We're not prepared here, either.
- Send a lawyer's letter to his management agency.
Sue him for breaching the contract.
Who is she?
Amy, Fang Si is just saying...
- She won't really sue your boyfriend.
- Who knows?
On top of being a weekend, today's Valentines' Day, too. She can't get married and she's dragging us down, too.
For her own dreams, she doesn't even care about our feelings.
Let's not talk about it anymore. We should be preparing now.
Amy, let's get ready to set off soon.
What are you doing? You need me for an advertising photoshoot, too?
Princess, I'm begging you. Don't be angry.
Just endure her for a while.
I thought you opening a restaurant was just for fun.
Who would have thought...
it would be this good.
How is it? My capabilities are better than just endorsing Tang Huang right?
Looks like I've really underestimated you.
Anyway, what I like best is endorsing for Tang Huang.
And I've decided, not only in this lifetime,
I'll endorse Tang Huang in my next lifetime, too.
Please pardon me in the next lifetime.
What do you mean by that?
But seriously, the furniture here really does look classy.
That's because I listened to you. You said so yourself.
Life is meant to be appreciated slowly, right?
We need to enjoy it.
Then we shouldn't pass our lives as though we're in a war, should we?
Wait for me.
Fancy
What a weird customer. You haven't taken your medicine, right?
I think he has to take a lot of medicine to be able to recover.
So aren't you the happiest when you're with me?
Let's go. Dinner's ready.
Let me introduce this to you. This is called low-heat salmon.
Because you don't like things that are too dry, so I learned this cooking method.
It allows you to taste the freshness of the fish even though it's cooked.
How is it?
It's delicious.
I'm all embarrassed.
It's fragrant and it's tender.
Eat slowly.
Didn't you say life is meant to be appreciated slowly? You're eating so fast.
How do you appreciate the taste?
You only need to slowly taste food that doesn't taste nice,
because then you can slowly finish your food
so you can eat less of it. But this really tastes heavenly.
See, it's all gone now.
Here, more for you.
- Luckily you can sweet talk!
- It is delicious!
I told you to eat slowly. Don't choke.
We'll work after your meal. Come and look for me when you are done.
Hurry up.
Have you known any new girl when you were overseas?
Of course,
not.
You were always calling me three times a day during my meal times. Do you think I would have had the time?
Still giving me a black face!
But you haven't changed your eating habits!
So other habits must be even harder to change.
We have already been together for so many years.
My Lady, I have even travelled from afar to celebrate
Valentine's Day with you. What is there to worry about?
Okay.
Hello.
President Fu, I am here because of your reputation to save today's situation.
I won't accept anything less than $2000.
Bring the reflector.
Timing & Subtitles brought to You by Gone with the Shirt Team @ Viki.com
I'm on my way there.
That's right. I only want to see potential brands.
Alright, that's it then.
Little girl.
Hold on tight to your balloon.
If the balloons fly off, you can't get them back
- so you must be careful in the future.
- Thanks, Big Brother.
You are welcome.
Then I will leave first.  You be careful.
- Goodbye.
Don't do that. President Fu, why aren't you taking anymore photos?
- What do you mean by this, President Fu? You called me over, yet you're not taking pictures anymore?
- Wait! Wait!
- Is there a problem?
- Do you have time?
I would like to ask for your help.
Help? How do I know that you are not a fraud?
Be my model. $3000 an hour.
$3000 an hour? You sound more like a fraud.
So you agree?
How is it? Can you do it?
I am sorry but I am not interested.
What is this? You got me in a hurry and now you are looking for someone else!
I have already told you. I will charge you once I am out of the office. So regardless, you must still pay for my time.
You can't even pass the advertising photoshoot, yet you still dare to ask me for money?
It's not bad to give $100 for your transportation cost.
Go ask Xiao Nai for the money, then quickly be on your way.
Our model has arrived.
Sorry I was late. So it was you!
Then why did President Fu bother looking for me?
How would I know why?
She always thinks too highly of herself and likes to order people around.
What's wrong?
Why did you arrive so late?
How about after the shoot, I will help you with your work and I will still pay you?
You help me with my work?
Are you super woman or Doraemon?
Sorry. I am really in a hurry.  I don't have time to play with you.
Listen to me.
You are too much!
If you wear that shirt, the impact will be much better.
You have to believe me. I won't take up too much of your time.
Give it back to me.
I am sorry but I didn't do it deliberately.
Not deliberately?!
Hello, Fang Si Jie (older sister)?
Xiao Nai, quickly drive the car over.
But there is a traffic jam now.
I don't care! Just hurry up!
Mister, mister.
Mister.
Lady, I am happy to meet you but I don't wish to see you again.
Please get out of my way. I am really in a rush.
Sorry but my assistant is a new driver and there is nothing you can do now even if you are in a rush.
Why don't you help me first?  Then I can also help you.
Let's help each other so we don't owe each other anything.
Lady, I am really in a rush. Please move aside.
Just give me an hour.
Stay out of my way.
Sorry.
Photographer and yet you carry the original design drawing?
Photographers who can't design aren't good photographers.
- You are… ?
- Time is precious. Stop wasting time.
$3,000 an hour.  Give me your decision.
Tiramisu in Italian means,
"Take me with you."  You left for the U.S. after college.
I thought we would never see each other again.
Do you still remember three years ago?
I went on location in Italy.
Magically, we met again.
That day we had coffee and tiramisu.
That day was an unforgettable day.
We did not talk much during the four years of college.
I feel that day
was the true start for us.
- Why are you so late?
- Aren't I here now?
You are here but they are ready to change personnel.
Is that so?
How is it? It's okay, right?
Let's go there.
They have already put on the outfit.  What am I going to shoot?
I informed you that it was today. It's not my fault that you're late.
Please make sure next time and then tell me, okay?
I'm going first.
-Wait, what do you mean?
Amy, I know you are angry right now.
But its not the right time to be angry. The advertising shoot is about to be published.
Can we finish doing the important things first?
What do you think Fang Si meant?
She ignores our handsome model but grabs a nobody off the street.
Even made my boyfriend come here for nothing.
Besides letting him go, she even threatened to sue.  Is this necessary?
I've worked for her for so long.  If she does not appreciate the merit of my work, she should at least consider my effort.
She would not even give me any consideration for something like this.
I know, I know, you're her assistant.
She should think of you, right?
Then, let's finish the shooting first.
Okay, okay. I'll treat you to coffee. Hurry up.
Be more natural.  Your expression is stiff.  Your movement is more so.
Relax.
Be natural.
Don't smile too much. Pull back a little.
Okay.
Keep this posture.
Is this okay?
Hey. This should be enough.
Are you done yet?
Are you always like this?
This is my job.
I am saying… is this how you ask for favor?
I didn't beg you. We are just doing business.
This looks better.
All right, come.
Keep the posture.
Don't smile too much. Pull back a little.
Your outfit is really pretty. There's not many who can pull it off like you.
It will become fashionable soon.
That may not be so.
Can we not chat? I didn't bring you here to chat.
Let's change location.
"I'm not here to chat."
Timing & Subtitles brought to You by Gone with the Shirt Team @ Viki.com
Can we not separate?
Thank you. You have worked hard.
Even though you're not a very reliable photographer,
but I think you're a very special designer.
Please exclude "I think," thank you.
Your standard for matching clothing is so high.
You're not a Virgo, are you?
Our job has ended already. I won't reply to any personal questions.
When you're working you can't talk. When you're off work you still can't talk.
Have you never considered your employees' feelings?
Where are you going? I'll drive you there.
No need, it's too late anyway. I'm not in a rush anymore.
Then I'll be going. Thank you.
- Bye.
Sir, I haven't given you money yet.
No need, next time invite me for a meal.
There won't be another next time.
Don't assume so early.
We are all business people. Let's take care of the money.
Then, thank you.
♫ Who is behind me when I am alone? ♫
♫ Do I turn left or right for my happiness? ♫
♫ If we can turn back the clock, would you give up everything for me? ♫
♫ Trembling in bliss and happiness, to exchange tenderness ♫
♫ I am willing to forget everything I own. And only to keep the memory of your eyes ♫
Your keys.
♫ I will remember the warmth of your right hand forever. ♫
What's wrong with her?
Oh my, I didn't see anything.
- What are you doing?
- Hey! My painting.
Hang it up.
It's my turn now?
You even know to return.
Why not just die overseas? How long are you staying for?
For two to three weeks.
- So short?
- So long?
That is not what I meant. I meant that you could not just ignore your business overseas.
Isn't Tang Huang also his business?  Did he ever bother with it?
Okay. Okay.  Anyway, I don't understand about business.
You two have a good chat.
Sorry to disturb you.
Hey, you finally came back. You really want to stress me out?
Xiao Nai, are you leaving yet?
- If you're not leaving, then I am.
- I am coming.
Tell me how can there be people like her?
She always thinks she is right, and she never cares about how others feel.
I am telling you this is a sickness. Only you can tolerate her.
- I still have the car key.
- Don't talk to me about this.
If she really does not care about how others feel,
she could have taken the car keys and left.
Fang Si seems tough on the outside but actually has a sensitive heart.
- It's not bad once you get used to her style.
- Why should I get used to her style?
Because there are people like you letting her get away with it, she does not feel the need to change.
To run a business herself, she can't possibly not understand how to deal with people, right?
With the way she acts, who would be willing to put themselves on the line?
To be candid, what did we get from her?
With the meager salary she gives me, it's not even enough for my rent.
You can't say it like that.
Actually I feel pity for Fang Si.
Hypothetically speaking, I mean hypothetically.
If you were walking on the street by yourself on Valentine's Day
and you saw your ex-boyfriend with his current girlfriend,
- what would you do?
- It will depend on whether I have a desirable boyfriend now.
- If I do, then I will show him off in front of them.
- What if you don't?
- If not, I would turn around in tears and run away at 70 miles per hour.
I shouldn't let my ex-boyfriend gloat, right?
What if the most tragic part is that the current girlfriend of your ex
is your nemesis?
That tragic?
Then I would not even go outside to prevent myself from meeting them and getting mad.
What if the most, most tragic part is
that you are caught by your nemesis the moment you leave your house?
If I really ran into this situation...
You don't know this. I was
really annoyed by the arrogant designer. She doesn't fall for any soft or hard tactics.
I wanted to eliminate the hostility but she insists on staying an enemy.
Not only did she refuse to sign the contract, she even insisted on exhibiting her work.
You tell me what I should do now.
Then let her do it.
Let her suffer a bit, then she will understand our sincerity.
Hey, Bro.  It is easy for you to say but this is our business.
With the news that Qiao Rui Si is returning from overseas to open a new firm,
all the major domestic companies are forming alliances.
My original plan was
to sign some of the famous designers for insurance.
Who'd have thought we would run into such a strange person?
It does not matter.
Hey, I'll be really busy, so I won't be going tomorrow.
You are not going again?
Hey bro, did you listen to too much of Yang Kun's [Chinese singer] music?  Nothing seems to matter to you.
I thought you came back to realize your ambition.  You returned just for vacation again.
Lift up your spirit. Come on.
If it doesn't matter to you, then it doesn't matter to me.  It will then not matter to both of us.
It doesn't matter who you fall in love with…
Fu Fangsi
Long time no see.
I don't really want to see you, either.
But you are just like those little posters,
I could not avoid even if I try.
The PS [photoshop] expert has got some talent.
The person in the poster and the real person
are so different.
Do you know that I am currently with Li Tang? Isn't that surprising?
The change of topic was too rushed.  You need to improve your conversational skills.
Actually he flew almost around the world to be with me for Valentine's Day.
It's very tiring. Hey, Fangsi
how about your boyfriend?
Oh. Look at me.
You are his ex. No, no, you
are the ex-ex-ex-ex-girlfriend.
As a matter of fact, I don't have any problem for old friends to get together and catch up.
Let's get a drink. You have already been wandering around here the whole day, pretending to be busy just so
he could see you.
Who is Li Tang?
Li Tang is the CEO of Tang Huang.  He was the one to ask me to be the spokesperson for the company.
He loves me very much.
This restaurant
is also his gift to me.
Then I should wish you early fame and fortune.
Right now I only care about who Qiao Rui Si is.
Just what do you have to compete with me?
Is it your little reputation, or your inferior products?
With my Fancy [her company name].
Please stop living in your fantasy.
- Can't you let go of your...
- Cheng Xiang Nan!
We will know tomorrow whom Qiao Rui Si will select as a partner.
You have the mindset to hang around me here?
You should spend more time to learn PS.
Never hurts to have another skill.
Fu Fang Si, what are you gloating for?
Do you still think you are a 20-something year old little girl?
Tang Huang.
Oh.
Where did you go for all this time?
I understand that you want a world for the two of you only.
You didn't need to get rid of the chef.  How would the chef get in your way?
How many times have I told you?
I will pay for this. I will pay for it now, okay?
Don't.
Don't cooperate with Fu Fang Si.
What are you thinking?
I thought it was about something serious.
I was wondering. Li Tang
dated many other girls and you never cared before. This ex- ex- ex--
I did not tell him. I only told him that the company wants to sign a few famous designers. Besides,
Li Tang has no idea how Fu Fang Si has been these past two years.
I am telling you the truth. If there is anything false in what I said,
then from now on every time I go out,
I won't find Wifi, okay?
- Everything you said is true?
- Everything is true.
Moreover, when did Li Tang pay any attention to business?  It's not like you don't know him.
He is first for happiness and second for business.
He also told me that he will definitely not go there tomorrow, so it'll be okay, right?
That's more like it.
There is something that I don't get.
Why do you-- Ah!
Go eat by yourself.
Nonsense.
Timing & Subtitles brought to You by Gone with the Shirt Team @ Viki.com
Good morning.
- Director Yin, good morning.
- This Director Yin is really a catch.
Not only is he handsome but he's also approachable. I should interact with him.
Say, you are really making your presence known.
You've barely been here for a month, yet your popularity is rising, Director Yin.
Good morning, Director Yin.
President.
I heard it was you who accepted the application of Fu Fang Si's workshop,
permitting them to participate in the brand competition tomorrow.
That is right.
- I feel there is a lot of potential, and--
- No, no, no!
I remember you said before that you wanted to take a look at her workshop
before making the final decision.  But you never went.
Her so-called brand products are nothing more than these unproven drawings.
That is right.  I did not go to her workshop.
But I have determined that she is a designer with potential based on other evidence.
I think our duty is to serve as the eye for the market,
to identify those with the most potential, so that they can become the most successful products.
I will wait for your good news.
He has no talent, yet he's really good at criticism.
Before he went to NSH many times but never came back with a deal.
You got the contract signed with just one visit.
Headquarters brought you back here with the intent of having you take his place.
He's got to admit that he is past his prime.
This is Tang Huang, the company that Johnson has always liked.
Core value is strong and it has several best-selling independent brands under its name.
If we can be its agency, we would save time, money, and effort.
But instead, you prefer to go and dig out some unknown workshops and firms.
For example, this one.
She grabbed you to take a few photos and you allowed her to participate in the contest.
You are openly going against Johnson.
Do you still resent what happened to you before?
Before?
I have already removed those memories from my head.
If I continued to live in the past,
would I deserve to sit in this chair?
Don't be so serious.  I am just kidding.
I am serious about everything.
The old fox has had a problem with you for quite a while.
He always made things difficult for you.  He may lay a big trap for you in the future.
Don't we need to prepare for something like this?
Then you tell me.  What are you going to do about him?
Easy.
Wait for his next move.
(Contest Invitation)
♫ This beginning is so sudden ♫
Li Tang, have you not brought enough surprises into my life?
♫ I wonder if the one I see is the real you ♫
♫ This time I ♫
But this time, no surprise
will stop me.
♫ My feeling at the moment ♫
♫ Is that I can't even recognize myself ♫
♫ But still try to persuade myself ♫
♫ It's best to let it be ♫
♫ Keep going ♫
It's done. You can take a look.
♫ Don't know where my direction is ♫
- See?
- Looks nice.
Fangsi, wait until Father makes enough money, then
I will open a clothing store,
and call it Fangsi. Is that good?
What is the use of having a Fang Si Clothing Store?
In the future, Fang Si will be a clothing brand.
Clothing brand?
Hmmm.
Fang Si Clothing.
Interesting. You're better than your dad.
From now on, we will call our brand, Fang Si.
You can start the company.
♫ Don't know where my direction is ♫
Even though I spent another six years,
but now I can finally let everyone see
my brand, my real dream.
I don't need anything else.
Timing & Subtitles brought to You by Gone with the Shirt Team @ Viki.com
Director Luo, what kind of surprise will Tang Huang bring to this show for everybody?
First of all, I want to say thanks to our media friends for their continuing support.
Tang Huang considers this an important event and we have prepared for it for more than half a year.
We have brought with us our top product line and our most modern design.
We believe tonight we will give everyone an overwhelming surprise.
I have not introduced them yet--
- I have not finished yet.
- This show has invited all the well-known companies.
You are the only workshop.  Does this mean that your design is getting special attention?
Before, you rejected several contracts that included a number of big clients.
Is it your way to declare war against your competition?
I have no intention of being in a war with my colleagues.
I only want to present my design concept through the event today.
Ms. Fu, what kind of design idea will you bring to your audience?
Pardon me.  May we talk about this after the conclusion of the fashion show, okay?
Sorry about that.
- Ms. Fu.
- Ms. Fu
Ms. Fu! Ms. Fu!
The show has not even begun.  She is acting as if she owns the place.
I can't stand her arrogant demeanor.
Don't worry.  We still have our secret weapon.
It's okay. Let's let her gloat a little. She definitely won't be the one to laugh at the end.
We rejected them before.  It appears that they may join forces against us.
Did you see the look on Director Luo and Director Ou's faces?
If looks could kill, you would have died several hundred times.
Don't mind them. We just worry about what we have to do. Xiao Nai, go with me to there.
Annie, you stay here to watch the procedural flow.
- Ms. Fu, your clothes have arrived.
- Come with me.
Xiang Nan Jie, I brought you this.  Please take a look.
No matter what.  I will only wear one dress.
If not for Li Tang, do you think I would be here?
That's fine.  Whatever you wish.
It is unusual for Mr. Tang to come back.
I think the day you two tie the knot is getting closer, isn't it?
Our wedding will take place sooner or later.
I just hope that the business with Tang Huang won't cause any trouble.
What kind of trouble could it be?  We have all seen how much you love Mr. Tang.
And we are all amazed.  You went to learn about worldwide culinary art,
and also took classes to educate yourself about business management.
I can't believe how lucky Mr. Tang is to be able to marry  Xiang Nan Jie.
Stop brown-nosing here.
None of these mean anything here.
You take care of work now.
You are trying so hard with flattery,
just so you can become the premier agent through my fanfare and connections.
Xiang Nan Jie, you can't say it like that. We have worked together for so many years, and
have developed this rapport.
Yes.  We have.
But before our interest, the rapport must yield.
Let's say that if one day
I lose my fame, background, or support,
would you try as hard as now in helping me?
Your facial expression tells me that you wouldn't.
But you are an honest person
so don't worry.
I won't allow myself to come to a day like that.
~ Preview~
It is better to never ask about certain things.
That is not it.
It's just that I don't think that highly of you.
Who do you think others will believe as a model, you
or me?
You'd better change your outfit now.
I want to switch places with Tang Huang.
Was it your arrangement?
If you don't want this video to appear in the inboxes of all the major media,
then you'd better change your clothes and get out there.
Will you marry me?
"If I could turn back the time" sung by Wang Su Long
♫ You turned your head only after going far away ♫
♫ I feel the chilly winter air around me ♫
♫ No longer have you to hold my hand ♫
♫ To give up everything to make me stay ♫
♫ How do I continue all by myself ♫
♫ At the intersection without you ♫
♫ Who is behind me when I am alone? ♫
♫ Do I turn left or right for my happiness? ♫
♫ If we can turn back the clock ♫
♫ Would you give up everything for me? ♫
♫ Trembling in bliss and happiness ♫
♫ Exchanging tenderness? ♫
♫ I am willing to forget everything I own ♫
♫ And only to keep the memory of your eyes ♫
♫ The memory of your right hand and its warmth ♫
♫ Will stay with me until forever ♫
♫ If we can turn back the time ♫
♫ Would you give up everything for me? ♫
♫ Trembling in bliss and happiness ♫
♫ Exchanging tenderness ♫
♫ I am willing to forget everything I own ♫
♫ And keep only the memory of your eyes ♫
♫ The memory your right hand and its warmth ♫
♫ Will stay with me until forever ♫
♫ They will stay with me until forever ♫